README.md, before:

# deferscript
Defer inline JavaScript tags that are not modules with this tiny script (274 bytes raw and 109 bytes compressed/gzipped).

The ECMA standard and browsers do not support the deferring on inline JavaScript code without the use of
the `module` or 'src' tag. This means that the regular script below will run before the module script and cause an error.

```javascript
<script type="module">
        var store = new Proxy({},
            {
                set(target,property,value) {
                    console.log(target,property,"=",value," old value ",target[property]);
                    target[property] = value;
                    return true;
                }
            });
   </script>
<script>
    store.name = "joe";
</script>
  ```

You could externalize the inline:

```javascript
<script src="assignjoe.js" defer></script>
```

But, that can obscure things.

With `deferscript` you do this:

```javascript
<script src="./deferscript.js" defer>
    store.name = "joe";
</script>
```

Take a look at the `./examples/index.html` file in the repository to see the code in action.

There is an extended discussion on deferring inline scripts here:

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41394983/how-to-defer-inline-javascript/

Commit message:

Modified behavior so that the script is first removed and then added back on DOMContentLoaded event.

README.md, after:

# deferscript
Defer inline JavaScript tags that are not modules with this tiny script (310 bytes raw and 167 bytes compressed/gzipped).

The ECMA standard and browsers do not support the deferring on inline JavaScript code without the use of
the `module` or 'src' tag. This means that the regular script below will run before the module script and cause an error.

```javascript
<script type="module">
        var store = new Proxy({},
            {
                set(target,property,value) {
                    console.log(target,property,"=",value," old value ",target[property]);
                    target[property] = value;
                    return true;
                }
            });
   </script>
<script>
    store.name = "joe";
</script>
  ```

You could externalize the inline:

```javascript
<script src="assignjoe.js" defer></script>
```

But, that can obscure things.

With `deferscript` you do this:

```javascript
<script src="./deferscript.js">
    store.name = "joe";
</script>
```

Take a look at the `./examples/index.html` file in the repository to see the code in action.

There is an extended discussion on deferring inline scripts here:

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41394983/how-to-defer-inline-javascript/

## Change History (Reverse Chronological Order)

v1.0.1 Modified behavior so that the script is first removed and then added back on DOMContentLoaded event. It turned out that
if there were other scripts on the page that failed to load the browser would sometimes ignore the `defer` attribute. This made
it look like `deferscript.js` was not working! As a result of the changes the `defer` attribute is no longer needed with the 
new code.
